## HI There 👋, This is our Group Project of Software Engineering Lab In which we have to make a website to manage Judiciary Information System.

## Group Members
- Chandra Prakash
- Anil Budamakuntla
- Chenreddy Sumana
- Budamakuntla Anil
- Chahat Jain
  
## TA Assigned
- Mr. Rahul Sir

## Project Description
- Judiciary Information System (JIS) software: 
The attorney general’s office has requested us to develop a Judiciary  Information System (JIS), to help handle court cases and also to make the past  court cases easily accessible to the lawyers and judges.. For each court case, the  name of the defendant, defendant’s address, the crime type (e.g., theft, arson,  etc.), when committed (date), where committed (location), name of the  arresting officer, and the date of the arrest are entered by the court registrar.  Each court case is identified by a unique case identification number (CIN)  which is generated by the computer. The registrar assigns a date of hearing for  each case. For this the registrar expects the computer to display the vacant  slots on any working day during which the case can be scheduled. Each time a  case is adjourned, the reason for adjournment is entered by the registrar and  he assigns a new hearing date. If hearing takes place on any day for a case, the  registrar enters the summary of the court proceedings and assigns a new  hearing date. Also, on completion of a court case, the summary of the judgment  is recorded and the case is closed but the details of the case is maintained for  future reference. Other data maintained about a case include the name of the  presiding judge, the public prosecutor, the starting date, and the expected  completion date of a trial. The judges should be able to browse through the old  cases for guidance on their judgment. The lawyers should also be permitted to  browse old cases, but should be charged for each old case they browse. Using  the JIS software, the Registrar of the court should be able to query the  following: 
(a) The currently pending court cases. 
In response to this query, the computer should print out the pending cases  sorted by CIN. For each pending case, the following data should be listed:  the date in which the case started, the defendant’s name, address, crime  
details, the lawyer’s name, the public prosecutor’s name, and the attending  judge’s name. 
(b) The cases that have been resolved over any given period. 
The output in this case should chronologically list the starting date of the  case, the CIN, the date on which the judgment was delivered, the name of  the attending judge, and the judgment summary. 
(c) The cases that are coming up for hearing on a particular date. (d) The status of any particular case (cases are identified by CIN). 
The lawyers and the judges need to refer to the past court cases. The lawyers  need to refer these to prepare for their line of arguments. The judges need to  refer the past court cases to examine the lines of judgments given previously  to similar cases. It should be possible to search for the history of past court  cases by entering key words. However, the lawyers should be charged for each  time they see the details of a court case to recover some of the computerization  costs. For this purpose, it is necessary to provide separate login accounts to the  JIS software and keep track of how many court cases each lawyer views. The  registrar should be able to create login accounts for the different users (i.e.  judges, lawyers, etc) and should be able to delete these accounts.


## Technologies Used
- Frontend: ReactJS
- Backend: NodeJS
- Database: MongoDB
- Hosting: Backend on Render and Frontend on Netlify
  


## How to clone the repository

- Open the terminal
- Change the current working directory to the location where you want the cloned directory
- Type `git clone https://github.com/cprakash1/temperary.git`
- Press Enter to create a local clone of the repository

## create .env file in the root directory and add the following code
- MONGODB_URI=`Add Mongodb Url`
- JWT_SECRET=`Add JWT SECRET`
- CASE_PER_COST= `Add per Case View Cost`
- JWT_EXPIRY= `Login Token Expiry (24h)`
- JWT_PUBLIC_KEY= `Add public Secret Same as frontend`
- JWT_PRIVATE_KEY= `Create Private Secret`

## How to install the dependencies for collaborators

Run the following command in the terminal

- `npm install`
- `node index.js` or `nodemon index.js`

## This is only the Backend part of the project. The Frontend part of the project is in the following repository which is also made by our group members which is hosted on Netlify - [Frontend Repository](https://github.com/ANIL-BUDAMAKUNTLA/temp)

## The website is hosted on Netlify - [Website Link](https://jisgroup11.netlify.app/)

## I Will Soon Add Documentation for SRS.
